2 Timothy 3:16 (ETB):  The entire Scripture has been given through inspiration of God, and is useful for teaching, for confirmation (checking, testing), for correction, for nurturing in righteousness. 17 This is so that anyone who is of God would be complete, thoroughly equipped to do every good work.
John 6:63 (ETB):  It is the Spirit who gives life. The carnal flesh is of no benefit. The words that I speak to you are Spirit, and they are life. 
Psalm 119:103 (ETB):   Your words taste so sweet to me, Sweeter than honey in my mouth!
Psalm 119:105 (ETB):  Your word is a lamp to my feet and a light to my path.
Psalm 19:10 (ETB):  They (Your word) are to be desired more than gold. Yes, more than a lot of fine gold. They are sweeter also than honey, than honey from the honeycomb.
Genesis 2:7 (ETB): Also The LORD God formed a man from the dust of the ground, and breathed life into his nostrils. The man received life and became a living being.
2 Corinthians 3:6 (ETB):  It is Him who has enabled us to be ministers of the new covenant. The new covenant is not of the letter, (written codes, laws of dos and do nots), but of The Holy Spirit. For the letter kills, but The Holy Spirit gives life,
1 Thessalonians 5:17 (ETB): Pray always
Song of Solomon 6:4 (ETB):  My love, you are as beautiful as Tirzah, Lovely as Jerusalem, Awesome (terrific) as an army with banners!
Psalm 47:2 (ETB) For The LORD (ADONAI) Most High Is Awesome. He is a great King over all the earth.
Genesis 11:4 (ETB): And they said, “Come, let us build for ourselves a city, with a tower whose top reaches up into the heavens. Let us make a name for ourselves, otherwise, we will be scattered all over the face of the whole earth.
Genesis 11:6 (ETB): The LORD said: Look, the people are united as one. They all have one language and  see what they are starting to do. There is nothing that they propose to do which will be difficult for them. 
Zephaniah 3:9 (ETB)  After that I will restore to the peoples (nations) a pure language,  so that they all can call on the Name of The LORD, To serve Him together in unity, with one accord.
Matthew 18:11  (ETB ): For the Son of Man has come to save that which was lost.
Matthew 17:21  (ETB ): However, this kind (of demonic spirit) would not leave except by prayer and fasting.
Mark 11:26 (ETB ): But if you do not forgive, neither will your Father in heaven forgive your sins (offences).
John 5:4 (ETB): At certain times, an angel went down into the pool and stirred up the water.  When the stirring of the water begins, whoever stepped in first was healed of whatever disease he had. 
Acts 8:37 (ETB): Then Philip said to him, “If you believe with all your heart, then you may be baptized. And he answered and said, “I believe that Yeshua The Messiah is the Son of God.
Matthew 23:14 (ETB): Woe to you, Scribes and Pharisees. You are hypocrites! For you take advantage of widows and their houses. You pretend to be making long prayers. Therefore, you will receive greater condemnation.
Mark 7:16 (ETB): 16 Let whoever has ears pay attention to this teaching!”
Mark 9:44 (ETB): Where ‘Their worm will not die (what is left alive of their dark soul in lake of fire after final judgment). Also, their fire will not be quenched’
Mark 15:28 (ETB): This fulfilled the Scripture which says: “And He was numbered with the transgressors”,
Romans 16:24 (ETB) May the grace of our LORD Yeshua The Messiah be with you all. Amen.
Luke 17:36 (ETB): Two men will be working in the field: one of them will be taken and the other will be left behind.”
Genesis 27:39 (ETB ): Then Isaac his father answered and said to him: “Know this, your home will be of the rich places of the earth, and of the dew from heaven above.
Mark 9:31 (ETB): For He taught His disciples and said to them, “The Son of Man will be betrayed into the hands of people, and they will kill Him. And after He is killed, He will rise the third day
Revelation 10:11 (ETB): And he said to me, “You must prophesy again before many peoples, nations, tongues, and kings.”
1 John 5:7-8 (ETB): For there are three that bear witness in heaven: The Father, The Word, and The Holy Spirit. And these three are one.   8 And also there are three that bear witness on earth: The Spirit, The water, and The blood. And these three agree as one
Mark 9:29 (ETB): So He said to them: This kind (of demonic spirit) would not leave except by prayer and fasting
2 Samuel 15:7 (ETB): Absalom went to the king, at the end of forty years, (from when David himself had also gone to Hebron and was later anointed king, or four years of Absalom's plotting). Absalom said to the king, “Please, let me go to Hebron and fulfill the vow which I made to The LORD, (ADONAI).
Deuteronomy 34:6 (ETB): And Moses was buried, by Him, in a valley in the land of Moab, opposite Beth Peor. However, no one knows where his grave is to this day
John 11:35 (ETB): Yeshua Wept
Psalm 122:1 (ETB):  I was glad when they said to me, “Let us go into the House of The LORD (ADONAI)”.
Psalm 46:1 (ETB):  God is our shelter and strength. A Mighty Help ever-present in trouble.
Psalm 50:15 (ETB): Call on Me in the day of trouble. I will deliver you, and you will glorify Me”.
Revelation 13:7 (ETB): The Beast was allowed to make war against the Saints, and to defeat them. He was given authority to rule over every tribe, tongue, and nation on earth.
1 John 1:1 (ETB): We announce to you The Word of Life: Who has been existing from the beginning, Who we have heard with our own ears speak, Who we have seen with our own eyes, Who we have closely looked at, and  Who we have touched with our own hands
1 John 1:2 (ETB): The One who is The Life was revealed to us! We have seen Him! And now, we testify of Him. We announce to you that He is The Eternal Life who was with The Father. He has been revealed to us. 
1 John 4:7 (ETB): Dearly loved ones, let us love one another, for love is of God.  And everyone who loves is a child of God and knows God. 
John 13:34 (ETB): A new commandment I am giving to you: that you love one another! You should love one another, just as I have loved you.
John 13:35 (ETB): Through this will all the people know that you are My disciples, if you have love for one another.”
John 15:12 (ETB): This is My commandment, that you love one another as I have loved you,
Luke 6:37 (ETB): “Do not judge others, (pronounce your personal opinion), and you will not be judged. Do not condemn others, and you will not be condemned. 
1 John 3:1 (ETB): Look at how very special the kind of love The Father has for us: We are even called the children of God! But the people of this world do not know who we are, because they do not know Him.
1 John 3:8 (ETB): But whoever goes on sinning is of the Devil, for the Devil has been sinning right from the beginning. It is for this purpose that the Son of God came, that He would destroy the works of the Devil.
1 John 3:9 (ETB): Whoever has been born of God does not go on sinning. For the Seed (Holy Spirit) of God remains in him. And he cannot go on sinning, because he has been born of God.
1 John 3:10 (ETB): This is how to know those who are the children of God and those who are the children of the Devil. Whoever does not live a life of righteousness is not of God. It is the same with whoever does not love his brother (or sister).
1 John 4:2 (ETB): But this is how you would know if they have the Spirit of God: Every spirit that is of God confesses that Yeshua The Messiah, came in the flesh (physical body, human flesh with bones).
1 John 4:3 (ETB): And every spirit that is not of God does not confess that Yeshua The Messiah, came in the flesh (physical body). And this kind of spirit is of the Antichrist (the adversary or opponent against The Messiah). You have heard that the Antichrist is coming, and the spirit is now already in the world.
1 John 4:7 (ETB): Dearly loved ones, let us love one another, for love is of God.  And everyone who loves is a child of God and knows God. 
1 Samuel 6:6 (ETB): At this time, David was greatly distressed. The people were talking about stoning him to death. This was because all the people were in deep grief, every man grieving over his sons and daughters. But David encouraged himself in The LORD, (ADONAI) his God.
1 Samuel 15:22 (ETB): So Samuel said: Does The LORD delight so much in burnt offerings and sacrifices, compared to obeying what The LORD says?  Certainly, to obey is better than sacrifice. And to heed (pay attention to God) is better than the best part of rams.
1 Samuel 15:23 (ETB): For rebellion (defiance, insubordination, disobedience) is like the sin of witchcraft, And stubbornness (hardness of heart) is like evil and idolatry. Because you have rejected the word of The LORD, He also has rejected you as king.”
2 Peter 3:3 (ETB): Know this first: that in the end time, scoffers who mock will come. They will live according to the way they want.
2 Peter 3:4 (ETB): They will come saying, “Where is the fulfillment of the promise of His coming back? Nothing has changed since the forefathers fell into sleep (of dead people), since the beginning of creation.” 
2 Thessalonians 2:3 (ETB): Do not let anyone deceive you in anyway:  For The Day of The LORD will not come until there is first apostasy, (or apostasia).And also there will be the revealing, the disclosure of that man of sin, who will lead the rebellion against the law of God. He is the son of perdition.
Acts 1:12 (ETB): Then they returned to Jerusalem from the Mount of Olives. It is near Jerusalem, a distance of a Sabbath day walk, ([about 2,000 cubits, 3,000 feet, 914.4m the limit permitted under Rabbinic law for a Jew to travel, outside the walled limits of a town on a Sabbath day]).
Acts 3:6 (ETB): Then Peter said: “I do not have silver and gold coins. But I will give you what I do have: Rise up and walk in the Name of Yeshua The Messiah of Nazareth!” 
Acts 3:8 (ETB): So he jumped up, stood on his feet and then walked into the Temple with them. He went in walking, jumping, and praising God! 
Deuteronomy 31:6 (ETB): Be strong and of good courage. Do not fear or be anxious (afraid) of them.  This is because The LORD your God, He is the One who goes with you. He will not leave you or forsake, (abandon, turn His back on) you.”
Exodus 3:14 (ETB): Then God said to Moses: “I AM WHO I AM, (which in Hebrew is “Ehyeh Asher Ehyeh””).  And God added:  “This is what you will say to the Israelites, ‘I AM, has sent me to you’”. 
Exodus 3:15 (ETB): Furthermore, God said to Moses: “Say this to the Israelites: JEHOVAH, The God of your forefathers, The God of Abraham, The God of Isaac, and The God of Jacob, has sent me to you. This is My Name forever. And this is how I am to be remembered by all generations’.
Exodus 33:15 (ETB): Then Moses said to Him, “If Your Presence does not go with us, do not let us go on from here.  
Exodus 33:16 (ETB): For how else will it be known that Your people and I have found grace, (favor) in Your sight, apart from Your going with us? That is how we, Your people and I, can be distinguished from all the other peoples on earth.”
Jeremiah 1:5 (ETB): “I knew you before I formed you in the womb. And, I sanctified you (set you apart) before you were born. I ordained (appointed, assigned) you as a prophet to the nations.”
Jeremiah 9:23 (ETB): This is what The LORD says:“Let not the wise person boasts in his wisdom, Or the strong person boasts in his strength, Or the rich person boasts in his riches.
Jeremiah 9:24 (ETB): But let him who boasts, boast in this, That he understands and knows Me. That I am The LORD, exercising lovingkindness, justice, and righteousness on the earth. For in these I take pleasure,” says The LORD.
Jeremiah 17:7 (ETB): Blessed (joyous, happy) is the person who trusts in The LORD. And whose hope is The LORD.
Jeremiah 17:8 (ETB): For he will be like a tree planted by the waters. Which spreads out its roots by the river. And will not feel it when heat comes. But his leaf will be green. And will not be anxious in the year when drought (famine) comes. Neither will he stop yielding fruit.
Jeremiah 17:10 (ETB): I, The LORD, examine the heart thoroughly. I test the inner motives (of the mind). To give every person according to what he deserves. According to the fruit (result) of his actions.
Jeremiah 18:7 (ETB): Understand this, about the moment (time) I speak concerning a nation and a kingdom, to root out (pluck up out by the roots), to break down, and to destroy it. 8 If that nation (or kingdom) against whom I have spoken repents from its evil, I will relent (reconsider, change the plan) concerning the disaster that I had thought to bring against it.
Jeremiah 18:9 (ETB): Understand this also, about the moment (another time) I speak concerning a nation and concerning a kingdom, to build and firmly establish it. 10 If it does evil in My sight and does not obey My voice, then I will relent (reconsider, change the plan) concerning the good with which I said I would give to it.
Isaiah 33:1 (ETB): Woe (a pity) to you who plunder, though you have not been plundered. And to you who deal treacherously, though they have not dealt treacherously with you! When you are done with plundering, you will be plundered. When you finish dealing treacherously. They will deal treacherously with you.
Isaiah 43:25 (ETB): I, even I, am He who blots out your transgressions for My own sake. And I will not remember your sins. 
Isaiah 8:18 (ETB): Look! I and the children whom The LORD has given me,are for signs and wonders in Israel, from The LORD of Hosts, who abides in Mount Zion
Isaiah 66:23 (ETB): And it will come to pass (in the end time): That from one New Month (New Moon, Rosh Hodesh) to another, and from one Sabbath to another. All mankind will come to worship before Me,” says The LORD.
James 1:12 (ETB): Blessed (joyous,) is the person who endures, patiently persevering when going through temptation.  When the person has been through, after successfully enduring the temptation, he will receive The Crown of Life which The LORD has promised to those who love Him.
James 1:19 (ETB): Understand this, my dearly loved brothers and sisters: let every person be quick (eager) to listen, but slow to speak and also slow to get angry. 
James 1:26 (ETB): If anyone among you thinks he is godly (religious), and does not control his tongue but fools himself, the godliness (religion) of such a person is worthless.
James 1:27 (ETB): The godliness (religion) that is pure and undefiled before God and the Father is this: to visit orphans and widows in their trouble, and to keep watch over oneself against being defiled by the world.
Romans 12:10 (ETB): Show mutual affection to each other (as one family), loving one another as brothers and sisters. Honor, (esteem) each other, mutually respecting and giving preference to one another.
Job 22:24 (ETB): If you will place your gold in the dust. If you will place the gold of Ophir among the stones of the brooks.
Job 22:25 (ETB): Then, surely, the Almighty will be both your gold and your precious silver.
Job 22:26 (ETB): Then your delight will be in the Almighty. You will lift up your face to God. 27 You will say your prayer to Him, and He will hear you. And you will fulfill your vows.
Job 22:28 (ETB): You will also declare a thing, and it will be established for you. And light will shine on your ways.
Job 22:29 (ETB): When men are being cast down, you will say, ‘There will be a lifting up!’And He will save the humble person.
John 1:1 (ETB): In the beginning was The WORD!  The WORD was with God, and The WORD was God. 2 He was existing with God from the very beginning. 
John 1:3 (ETB): Everything was created, (brought into existence) by Him. There was nothing created, except through Him.
John 3:16 (ETB): For God so loved the whole world that He gave the only begotten Son of Himself, so that anyone who believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life. 
John 5:4 (ETB): At certain times, an angel went down into the pool and stirred up the water.  When the stirring of the water begins, whoever stepped in first was healed of whatever disease he had. 
John 8:31 (ETB): Then Yeshua said to those Jews who believed Him: “If you remain (continue) in My word, then you are truly My disciples! 
John 8:32 (ETB): And you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
Joshua 24:15 (ETB): If it seems bad to you to serve The LORD, then choose for yourselves today whom you will serve! Decide if it will be the gods which your forefathers served on the other side of the River (Euphrates), or the gods of the Amorites, in whose land you now live. But as for me and my household, we will serve The LORD.”
John 3:17 (ETB): For God did not send His Son into the world to condemn the world, but rather so that the world can be saved through Him.
Luke 18:17 (ETB): Of a truth I tell you, whoever does not receive the Kingdom of God (with trust and humility) as a little child will not enter it”,
Luke 18:22 (ETB): So when Yeshua heard these things, He said to him: “You still lack one thing. Go, sell your possessions and distribute the money to the poor.  You will have treasure stored in heaven. Then come and follow Me”.
Matthew 5:13 (ETB): You are the salt of the earth. If however, the salt loses its flavor, how will it be made salty again? It is no longer good for something except to be thrown away and trampled underfoot by people.
Matthew 5:14 (ETB): You are the light of the world. A city that is built on a hill cannot be hidden. 
Matthew 5:15 (ETB): No person lights a lamp and puts it under a container (the size of a bushel). Instead, it is placed on a lampstand, to give light to every person in the house. 
John 3:18 (ETB): Whoever believes in Him is not condemned (judged). But whoever does not believe in Him is condemned already. This is because the person has refused to believe in the Name of the only begotten (unique, one of a kind born) Son of God. 
Matthew 5:16 (ETB): Therefore, allow your light to shine before men, so that they can see the good things you are doing and give glory to your Father in Heaven.
John 8:36 (ETB): Therefore if the Son sets you free, you will be truly free.
John 8:58 (ETB): Yeshua said to them: “Of a truth I tell you, before Abraham was, I AM”
John 14:6 (ETB): Yeshua answered him: “I am the way, the truth, and the life. No one comes to The Father except through Me.
John 14:15 (ETB): If you love Me, keep My commandments. 
Matthew 17:21 (ETB): However, this kind (of demonic spirit) would not leave except by prayer and fasting. 
Matthew 18:3 (ETB): He said, “Of a truth I say to you, unless you repent (turn away) from your sins and become as little children, you will not enter the Kingdom of Heaven. 
Acts 1:8 (ETB): But you will receive power when The Holy Spirit has come upon you. And you will be My witnesses in Jerusalem, and in all of Judea and Samaria, and to the ends of the earth.
Matthew 7:14 (ETB): But narrow is the gateway and difficult is the path which leads to eternal life. And there are only a few people who find it.
Matthew 7:20 (ETB): Therefore, you will know them by the fruits they produce!
Proverbs 3:5 (ETB): Trust in The LORD (ADONAI) With all your heart. And lean not on your own understanding.
Matthew 7:15 (ETB): Beware of false prophets! They come to you in sheep’s clothing, outwardly looking harmless. But inside, they are ravenous wolves!
Proverbs 3:6 (ETB): Always acknowledge Him in everything you do. And He will make your paths smooth.
Proverbs 20:1 (ETB): Wine is a mocker. Alcoholic drink is a hooligan (bully). And a foolish person is deceived (led astray) by it, 
Matthew 7:21 (ETB): Not everyone who says to Me, ‘LORD, LORD,’ will enter the Kingdom of Heaven. Only whoever does the will of My Father in heaven. 
Proverbs 11:30 (ETB): The fruit (reward) of the righteous is a tree of life. And whoever wins souls is wise, 
Psalm 90:10 (ETB): The active years of our lives is seventy. And if we are still strong, eighty years. Yet, the years are only full of struggles and pains.
Psalm 91:1 (ETB): Whoever remains in the secret place of The Most High, will find rest under the shadow of The Almighty.
Psalm 91:2 (ETB): I will say this of The LORD (ADONAI): “He is my shelter and my fortress. He is My God, and in Him I will trust.”
Psalm 91:3 (ETB): Surely He will deliver you from the trap of the fowler and from deadly diseases.
Psalm 91:4 (ETB): With His feathers, He will cover you. You will be securely protected under His wings. His faithfulness will be your armor and shield.
Psalm 91:5 (ETB): You will not be afraid of danger at night. Or of an arrow during the day.
Psalm 91:6 (ETB): You will not be afraid of sudden (secret) outbreak of diseases. Or of violent destruction that strikes at noon.
Psalm 91:7 (ETB): You may see one thousand fall at your side. Or even ten thousand at your right hand. But it will not touch you.
Psalm 91:8 (ETB): Only with your eyes will you watch, and see the punishment of the wicked.
Psalm 91:9 (ETB): Since you have made The LORD, Even The Most High, Who is my shelter, as your home:
Psalm 91:10 (ETB): Nothing bad will happen to you. Neither will any disease come near your home.
Psalm 91:11 (ETB): For He will assign His angels to protect you. They will watch over you wherever you go.
Psalm 91:12 (ETB): They will lift you up in their hands. And you will not hurt your feet against a stone.
Psalm 91:13 (ETB): You will walk over the lion and the cobra. You will trample under your foot the young lion and the serpent, (dragon). 
Psalm 91:14 (ETB): (The LORD says): “Since he loves Me, therefore I will rescue him. Since he has known (confessed) My Name, I will lift him to safety.
Psalm 91:15 (ETB): He will call upon Me, and I will answer him. I will be with him in trouble. I will rescue him and honor him.
Psalm 91:16 (ETB): I will satisfy him with long life. And show him My salvation”. 